hello how are we going to do something today
very very cool we are going to need a
canvas and as I do not have or I do not
I want to buy I will use a cardboard
and a fabric that I have left over to cut
some curtains to cover the cardboard I'll
to use as you see this fabric leaving it
a little bit longer so we can
fold from behind in the long run
that the cardboard I want to say and with tail
normal white with that of painter or with
of the glue school that you have the
We will place on our cardboard
This card is from a box but you can
also use cereal boxes if
you want to put two or three cartons together
it is convenient that it be a rigid base
to hold the weight of the paint
now you see from the back what
I'm going to do is paste the excess fabric
so that it is well folded
with the same glue stretched well
and I'm hitting
It also serves a mother and is for
example or as I tell you if you have
bought a canvas you have a start
bought with phenomenal frame if what
do on paper serves this
handicraft or this drawing because despite
the painting now you will see why
Well, you see double the little tips and what
I put it behind I'm going to put a little
more than glue dissolved in water so that it
hold on to our case
you can do it the size you want
I'm doing it a little bit more
big than a folio
I say I give a tail capita with a
little diluted with water so that it sticks
well and I'm going to let it dry
minutitos
before painting it white to have
a good base my web was a little
transparent if you have a pretty cloth
thicker then maybe we would need and
with white acrylic paint as you see
I'll give a few cápitas up
that I see that he has the white that I
I want
let it dry again
and here I have curved a little bit
so I'm going to put another cardboard base
below to make it stiffer and I
stay straight
I'm going to do with silicone
As you can see I am also leaving a
little cardboard on the outside because then
I will add a frame that we will see
at the end totally home and spending what
minimum possible
cut the excess leaving that little bit of
cardboard and I have already prepared my canvas or
frame
Well, we are going to use crayons
plastidecor paintings waxes as
you want to call are you in my box
come 24
It is advisable that you use a minimum minimum
and I'm going to take the pieces of paper
you can leave also if you want if you
like
I am going to remove them
there are boxes of 32 colors I thought of
36 use the ones you want now you go to
see how it is and you already choose depending
how big you want to make the picture
or buy two and so you put two of each
I'm going to order them
like a rainbow or whatever else you like and
I'm going to see so they're focused on
thousand and I'm going to start hitting the
central paint as you see with silicone
hot again with the gun
I'm pasting the paintings in the part
top of the canvas with the tip towards
down
he stuck them together well against each other
it seems to me that to be centered
it's best to start with the painting
central
go placing the gradient on both sides
color
As I tell you , I choose to do it in
rainbow but you can choose the order of
the paintings that you like the most and
I have here well pegaditos veis centered
in a thousand and enzo and now it's totally
optional I will draw a picture since the
paint is going to fall down like a
rain I'm going to make a kitten a
silhouette of a cat that is going to get wet by
the rain but you can make a couple
with an umbrella whatever you want, I'm going to
do in black so that contrast with the
color of the paintings falling is a
rain of colors
I'm coloring with black acrylic what
you can also do with a marker
permanent black
as I tell you totally optional this
picture is also very good
simply with the paintings with a
marker I'm going to make you little mustaches and
here I have the basis to start
make it more fun
and here I have daniela and a friend who
I promised them I would let them do it
them as you see daniela has a dryer
of hair and consists of heating the dinners
or paints with the dryer that is very
hot
and do it in the bottom part let's say
that half of the painting towards
down
and in this way they are going to melt and
the paint is going to slide you see here
the first drops are already beginning to fall
For our paper or canvas or fabric
important to look here I was
directing the air to the sides
then the paint goes sideways
important is to warm up a little and
then direct the dryer downwards if
you want the paint to come out as
trickles down like a rain
also if it has two speeds your
dryer it is best to put it in speed
slowly but the most heat is going
going down and with the air and you go
directing the jets to where
you want
of age that falls to the same amount of
painting on one side than on the other
and here as you like and you can stop
when you want when you have the
amount of melted paint that we
fancy for your pictures
it tells me as well as with the painting
is already falling a lot red is going
mixing let's go more to the side
from the blue
it's very funny and the children have
delighted to do it the truth
Be careful to spot the ones that also
some paint splashes also puts
on the table if you want some role of
newspaper to not stain though it's
true that when this wax dries is
very easy to take off and remove
We are doing our little square and you see
how the colors are mixed is very
nice for my taste
and then what we will do we will place it
out there somewhere in the house
the dark part seems to have been shot
less
and well here we have it already finished what
you let it dry and no longer stain anything
it would be totally hard
You see the kitten seems to be
wetting with the rain and now what I'm going
to do is add a frame simply
with brown cardboard
I'm going to cut some strips
and I'm going to stick it with silicone in the
part of the cardboard that was seen
side of our link you see up and down
and since I do not have longer paper
I will have to do in two pieces the
longer sides but it does not matter
simply by putting a little more
nice if you really like it and what
want to take to mark somewhere with
wood and a truly perfect frame
but I think that simply for the
drawings we make at home and with
children you can do perfectly with a
little bit of cardboard we signed it and now
we would have ready to hang or place
where you want from behind simply if
you want to hang it on a wall you put it
here a hook and I would be ready to
hang take into account that the hook
what you put has to support the weight of
the paintings you can not paste with zeal
for example to the wall and as always
I invite you to visit our website there is a
dotcom alcohol for more ideas and
remember to subscribe to the channel and leave us
your comments for example on whether he has
liked or not or whether you're going to do though
other videos you want us to do in the
social networks you can follow us on
Facebook
instagram instagram and pinter is
thank you very much and see you in the
next video
I recommend you see now how to draw
some mouths or how to draw a rose
way very very easy and step by step the
drawing for beginners chao